AP ENDSEM PROJECT 
GROUP NUMBER - 47
GROUP MEMBER 1 - Shashwat Chandra(2022471)
GROUP MEMBER 2 - Keshav Bindlish(2022246)

STICK HERO GAME

About the code written:

The code represents a game controller for a vertical stick-man game. The player controls a stick-man, switching between two images with a key press. The goal is to extend a stick horizontally, attempting to land it on a moving block. The game includes bonus blocks and cherries for extra points. If the stick reaches the block, the player earns points; otherwise, the game ends. Cherry collection and bonus blocks influence the score. The game incorporates animations, timelines, and JavaFX components, creating an interactive and challenging gaming experience with features like pause, reset, and end-game scenarios. design patterns have been implemented in the code the portion where they are used have been given a comment.

Running the code:

you can run the code via Start java file in com.example.demo

HOW TO PLAY THE GAME:

Click on the new game button in the start.

using the MOUSE OR TOUCHPAD you can elongate the stick in the game. the stick elongate till the time the mousekey is kept pressed, once released the stick will drop on itself. DO NOT PRESS the mouse key again after the stick has been elongated to get the desired length to form the bridge.

use the  D KEY  to flip the hero upside down. until the D key is kept pressed the hero will remain upside down and once it is released the hero comes back to its normal state.

if in flipped state and you collided with the pillar you will lose and game over.

collecteing cherries will help you revive in future if hero dies. MINIMUM 10 cherries will be needed to revive once.you will be given the choice if you want to spend your cherries to revive in the form of yes/no. 

you can pause and go back to homepage , retart the game or click on continue button to continue the game. 

cherries count will remain updated even if you restart the game while running the application.

highscore of all the game used you played will be displayed


BONUS PART:

firstly the stichk is elongated .if the stick lands at the center of the platform a binus word pop appears at the top and when the player crosses the bridge extra +1 points will be rewarded to the player for accurately landing the stick at the center.



 




